# A mobile first decentralized credit plaform for zero-interest rate loans


Many of the new applications being built on blockchain networks can help provide cheaper, more transparent, and personalized loan access to individuals with poor credit ratings. All by utilizing the power of programmable smart contracts!

About 220 million people in the United States have a credit score. Of them, roughly 68 million are categorized to have a “poor” rating of 601 or below. This means for a large segment of the population, their credit score affects their ability to borrow money that sometimes could be crucial to just getting by. Even worse, once an individual is deemed to be untrustworthy, higher interest premiums on these loans or need to over-collateralize make it nearly impossible for people to gain financial independence. On a mission to disrupt a vicious cycle, our proposed application enables its users to build an immutable financial profile of themselves that is both privacy preserving yet also highly programmable. Therefore, allowing for easier, cheaper, and more personalized access to loans without the need for collateral. 

By using the existing liquidity model of a discretionary mutual fund, Lendvie can be a protocol that aggregates capital from liquidity providers (LP) to fund structured loans to businesses. Furthermore, built natively on top of Valora, a payment application on Celo, businesses that have already set up their wallets can seamlessly interact with the protocol. Once on-boarded, a credit line will be determined by their sales volumes publicly audited from their on-chan transaction history via the Celo blockchain. All loans unique to the Lendvie protocol do not require credit scores, instead, their loan repayment will be a percentage of each transaction until the payment is returned after interest. This directly goes back into the capital pool and dividends after surplus are continuously streamed to the LPs; proportionally to their share of the capital pool. In the beginning, all assets will be denominated and held in Celo’s native price stable cryptocurrency (cUSD).


